What did you say? How could luck be so disrespectful?
Don't you have any idea? My father is infected with the poisonous shadow
How much money can’t be spent to complete this course?
I am a wealthy daughter-in-law
It's better for you to be afraid of dragging down your body. It's better to be worried about making trouble.
I didn't cheat so rest
The second young master is just appreciative of me. How can I imagine that you are not even as good as your parents?
You don’t appreciate it? Who appreciates you less?
Tell me something about the Second Young Master. Besides, the Second Young Master said it before
Tools for joy
Maybe today I am still the eldest young lady
Tomorrow I will be swept away and filled
You ask me to be Uncle Yao Qin
We found the wrong one and couldn't
Guan family, take them out
I don't have such parents
Please look at you
You'll get retribution if you do something like this.
Look at what happened today
It's also Yun Qi and Bing Jie who have good intentions and half bad intentions.
Don't take it to your heart
Don’t think like that in the future
Mom, please stop talking
Yeah please
What's this